# About Fundme

A few details about this project

## Clonefactory Method

This system operates by using minimal proxy contracts that are generated every time someone initializes a funding contract. This creates a clone of the base contract using the Clonefactory method, which significantly saves in gas costs by delegating all calls to the master contract address.

## Base Contract

The base contract is initialized using the method above by a user who wants to set up a Fundme campaign, similar to gofundme.com. There are no fees build into the system, so 100% of contributions would go to the creator of the campaign. The user sets a name, an overview, funding goal, and deadline for their campaign. The smart contract allows the user to withdraw funds only after the deadline to contribute has passed, and other users can only contribute before that deadline. The creator of the campaign can withdraw the funds after the deadline regardless of whether they've reached their goal or not.

## Frontend

Similar to gofundme.com, I wanted the user to be able to share a web page for their campaign that's auto-generated by the website (built with React). Therefore, I enabled useParams (react-router-dom) and the newly created contract address as the parameter which then gets fed into the ethers.js Frontend code that pulls the relevant data pertaining to that campaign.

## Network and Requirements to Participate

You will need a MetaMask wallet, an internet connection, testnet MATIC, and you must add Polygon Mumbai to as a network to your MetaMask wallet. The frontend will prompt you to switch to Polygon Mumbai if you are connected to a different network.

## Frontend

Built with React, ethers.js, and react-bootstrap. Go ahead and try it for yourself: https://mkrasne2.github.io/fundme/#/
